Test 7,
Part A
Directions. You will hear 10 conversations between two people. After the second listening of each conversation, you will hear a question and there are four possible answers provided select the best answer to each question.
Question 1,
There'll be 15 people at the meeting tomorrow morning, right? 
Actually, Mr. Kim and his assistant will be there too. So 17. 
The conference rooms too small for all those people. That only holds 10 people. The reading rooms also too small.
At least it holds 16 people almost big enough. We'll need to use the cafeteria. Why don't you reserve it this afternoon?

When will the meeting be held?

Question 2.
Marinas train is supposed to arrive at nine o'clock.
I call the station. It's delayed because of the snow.
I hear buses and cars aren't even moving.
They said her train would arrive at 1130. She'll miss the 10 o'clock meeting. We need some sun or rain to melt this snow.

How is Marina traveling?

Question 3.
You're leaving for a two week vacation on Monday. Didn't you just take a vacation last month?
No. I only take three vacations a year. Last month. I took a long weekend at the lake.
Are you going to the beach this time?
No. This time we're going on a cruise. I love being on the water.

Where will he spend his vacation?

Question 4.
Oh, look, they have shrimp on the menu. Only $11 that's not too expensive. You should try it.
I love shrimp. But I can't eat it. I'm allergic. 
Do you like tuna? There's a tuna and rice special for only 17.50.
I'm going to try the spaghetti dinner. It's about the same price as the tuna $17. Why don't you get that too?

Why doesn't the man order shrimp?

Question 5.
I'm going to the office supply store, the one between the post office and the bank. I need some paper and file folders. 
As long as you're going there. Could you pick up some marking pens for me? Buy looked in the supply closet, and all we have left are pencils.Could you get a package of 25?
All right, I'll get you the pens, but I'll need some cash. $10 should be plenty. 
There's 15, just to be sure.

Where is the woman going?

Question 6.
We've changed the location of tomorrow's meeting. It'll be in conference room. 12.
Thanks for telling me. But I'm not going to be able to make it.
Really. Why didn't you tell me before?
I'm sorry. I just found out that I have to go out of town today. I'll be working home next week at our New York office.

Why can't the man attend the meeting?

Question 7.
How did your doctor's appointment go? 
It was fine. Except I got there a little late. I couldn't find a place to park the car. 
That's annoying. You got some phone calls while you were out. I left the messages on your door. 
Thank you. Could you make three copies of these notes for me? Please? Put them on my desk when you're done.

Who is the woman talking to?

Question 8.
Here we are 154 State Street. The fare comes to $9 and 15 cents. 
That's a lot more than I expected. It wasn't a long ride.
We add 15% to all the fares after 10am.
Oh, I didn't know that. Well, here's $11 Keep the change. 

Why is the fare higher than the man expected?

Question 9.
Where's the waiter? We've been waiting for our food for over half an hour.
I know. They say the food at this restaurant is excellent. But I didn't know the service was so slow.
Well, we may never get to taste the food. We have to leave here by eight if we want to get to the concert on time.
Last time we were late. They made us wait in the hall until intermission. Remember, we had to watch the concert on that little TV. I don't want to do that again.

What will they do next?

Question 10
You know, you used to get here on time every day when you drove your car. Now that you take the bus, you're often late for work. 
Yes, when I take the bus, it takes me an entire hour to get here. But it's a lot more relaxing than driving. 
But by car, it only took you 40 minutes. We could count on you to be at the office on time every day. If you went back to driving. 
Well, I have my cell phone. You can always call me if there's some emergency.

How long does the bus ride take?

This is the end of Part A
Part B
directions, you will hear a conversation. After the second listening there are incomplete sentences and four possible options provided for each gap. Select the best option to complete the sentence.
You will hear an English woman called Britta talking to an interviewer
about
her life in Berlin, the capital of Germany.
Now we are ready to start. Listen carefully.
You will hear the recording twice.

Britta, your English, but you live in Berlin. Have you lived here for a long time?
Well, I was born in England, but I've lived in Germany for the past 20 years. I arrived in Berlin about four years ago. Before that. I lived in Bonn for six years. But I work as a journalist. And when the newspaper moved to Berlin, I moved with them. Were you pleased to come to Berlin? Yes, I was. I was looking forward to being in a big city like Berlin. Bonn was quite a lot smaller. So I love the busy atmosphere and all the cultural entertainments here, museums, theaters, and so on. The only thing I don't like is the traffic. It's a bit noisy in the mornings. It wakes me up about 630. But most days, I have to get up early anyway. Where do you live in Berlin? I have a flat in the old part of the city. It's right in the center. And it's not too expensive. It costs me about 500 pounds a month. My street is becoming very popular. There are lots of new art galleries and small cafes and friendly restaurants everywhere. eating out in Berlin is fun, and it's cheap. So it's something I do quite often.
How do you find transport in Berlin?
Or the transport system here is very good. So I have a tram and bus ticket. But in fact, most of the time I cycle travel here is much cheaper than in other countries. I know. Perhaps that's why people don't walk very much.
What do you like to do in Berlin at the weekends?
Well, I like art. So sometimes I go to one of the galleries. I have a nephew called Felipe he's only three but he likes coming with me. He likes the cafe best I think. And it's a change from going to the park. That's something he does very often. He usually comes up with me while his parents go shopping.
Do you miss your friends and family in England?
I don't really miss England. Most of my friends are here. I don't see much of my work colleagues socially. But I've got some very good friends who live in the same street as me. I enjoy meeting people and I find Berlin is a very friendly city.
Thank you for talking to us Britta.

This is the end of Part B.
Part C
directions. You will hear a talk. After the second listening. There are questions, select the best answer to each question.
Now we will begin Part C.
You will hear a woman called Sarah talking to a group of people about her painting. Now we are ready to start. Listen carefully. You will hear the recording twice.
Well, good evening, everyone. I've come along to talk to you about my painting. It was just a hobby. But it's really more than that now. I used to paint in the evenings after work. But now I work four days a week instead of five. That means I spend Friday, Saturday and Sunday on my painting. I have pictures in local exhibitions at least once a month. I'd love to give up my job and spend all my time painting. But I work with computers and I earn more that way. I did make some money from selling my pictures, enough to pay for all my paint brushes and paper and a few art lessons. I'd love to go to art college full time for three years. But I've got all the rent on my flat to pay and the card around. I first became interested in art when I was at primary school. I used to go out with some paper and a few pencils during break time and draw anything I saw houses, gardens, people. Then at secondary school, we had art classes twice a week. And I learned how to use chalk. And then different kinds of paint, watercolors, oils, and so on. Those classes were really useful for me. And ever since then, I've had lessons of some kind. I've attended evening classes, and been on what they call painting holidays, where you go out into the countryside and paint during the day. And then sit and discuss your work with a teacher and the other artists after dinner. Those holidays are great. You learn so much talking to other people studying with you. I've enjoyed painting in lots of different countries. I've been to Morocco, and Painted Desert scenes with beautiful sunrises. I've been to Greece and Spain and painted pictures of the local people working in the fields near their homes. My favorite place is still Scotland. I love walking in the Scottish mountains. And there are so many different birds to see, especially in spring. Well, I'm going to finish now by showing you a video of the places I visited. After that there'll be a chance to relax with a cup of coffee. And then there'll be time for some questions. Oh, and I've got some information about my next art exhibition for you. It's going to be at the Queen's gallery. Now if someone would turn off the lights then.

This is the end of Part C
