Test 4
Part A
Directions, you will hear 10 conversations between two people. After the second listening of each conversation, you will hear a question and there are four possible answers provided select the best answer to each question.
Question 1.
I'm so tired of having car problems.
What? Your car broke down again.
You won't believe this, but I ran out of gas.
You should start taking the bus.

What is wrong with the car?

Questioned 2. 
This steak is delicious. You should try it.
Oh, no, thanks. I don't like steak.
You like this? It's the cooks specialty.
Perhaps, but I still don't eat meat.

What are the speakers talking about?

Question 3.
I saw a nice looking restaurant not far from here. 
Yes, but I never go there. The service is terrible. 
That's too bad. It doesn't matter how good the food is. The service is what's important.

What is the problem with the restaurant?

Question 4. 
I've booked you on the 4:30 flight. Wonderful.
Where can I pick up the tickets?
You can get them at the airport when you check in?
Oh, then I had better leave early to have enough time at check in.

What are the speakers discussing?

Question 5.
Are you interested in that lecture called buying your first home? 
No. I'd love to buy my own place to live, but I just don't have enough money. 
Maybe the speaker has some ideas about how to do it without a lot of money.

What is the lecture about?

Question 6?
The show starts at 5:15. So I'll meet you in front of the theater at five o'clock.
Okay, I can't wait to see this one. All my favorite actors are in it.
I'll bring some snacks in case we get hungry during the show. The show starts at 5:15 so I'll meet you in front of the theater at five o'clock.
Okay, I can't wait to see this one. All my favorite actors are in it.
I'll bring some snacks in case we get hungry during the show.

What are the speakers talking about?

Question 7.
I'm sending this hamburger back to the kitchen.
Why? It looks nice and tasty to me. Is it under cooked?
It's overcooked. Look how burnt it is.
That's the way I like it.

What is the problem with the hamburger?

Question 8. 
Did you see the headlines this morning?
No, I didn't buy the paper because I was out of cash.
You can read my copy. It's over there on my desk.
That saves me 35 cents.

What are the speakers talking about?

Question 9.
If you want to learn how to manage your finances, you should read this book.
I don't have time for books like that. What I need is to earn more money.
Maybe you should look for a new job then.

What is the Book about?

Question 10
Can you come to my party? It's on Friday after work.
I'd love to. Can I bring something to eat?
There'll be plenty of food there. But you could bring something to drink. I'd rather bring food.

What are the speakers discussing?

Part B
Directions, you will hear a conversation. After the second listening there are incomplete sentences and four possible options provided for each gap. Select the best option to complete the sentence.
Now we will begin Part B
You will hear an interview with a champion gymnast called Maria Anderson. Now we are ready to start. Listen carefully. You will hear the recording twice.

I'm talking to Maria Anderson, a 16 year old champion gymnast. Maria, have you always dreamed of being a gymnast?
I got interested when I was eight. I loved running and jumping. And my teacher said I'd be good at sports. I read a book about a gymnast who took part in the Olympics. And her life seemed very hard. Then I went to watch a gymnastics event with my dad and saw gymnasts in action. And I thought, I'd like to do that. 
Did you realize immediately you'd be a champion?
I tried too hard in the beginning. I'm very competitive. And within a hurry to learn the moves. I made so many mistakes. I nearly gave up. Even when I won prizes at events in my town. I didn't think I'd ever be really good. But a famous coach saw me doing floor exercise and said he'd give me lessons. And then I knew I could get to the top. You've done amazingly well. Since then. Has success changed you? I hope not. I'm growing up getting experience. But basically, I think I'm the same. My coach says the best athletes are sensible. They don't let success make a difference to them as people. And I think that's true of me. It's just my mom and dad worry about me. And Wish I could lead a more normal life.
What about school? Can you keep up with the other children?
I go to the Sports Center at 530 every morning to practice. So I've been working for three hours before I even get to school. It was hard at first. I felt really tired. But I'm used to it now. I rest during the lunch break instead of being with my friends. lessons are all right, but I can't stay up late or go to parties.
Do you have time for hobbies?
Well, I travel a lot to events in other countries, and I listen to music on the plane. I hope I get a chance to go to a concert someday. And I like movies, but not cartoons. My dad films me when I'm performing in a competition. And I put together videos for my website, which is fun.
What does your room and home look like?
I've got posters covering every wall, mostly of singers and bands. The best thing is a photograph of me shaking hands with my hero. A fantastic Russian gymnast I met last year. Oh, and I've got all my cups and prizes in a glass case. A bit embarrassing.
This is the end of Part B.
Part C
directions. You will hear a talk. After the second listening. There are questions select the best answer to each question.
Now we will begin Part C.
You will hear someone talking to a group of students about a visit to an art center. Now we are ready to start Listen carefully. You will hear the recording twice. 

Right everyone about the trip to the Jubilee Art Center next Wednesday. As you know we have tickets for the center's to theatres and the concert hall. Those of you with concert tickets will hear piano music by Chopin and Schumann. Those with tickets for the main theater will see Shakespeare's 12th night while people going to the smaller theater will see the wilds duck by Epson. Although all the theater and concert tickets have gone. If anyone else would like to join us on the trip, I can get tickets for the Art Center cinema to see the Australian comedy film, spider and Rose. The shows begin at half past seven. But we'll leave early so you can spend time looking around the Art Center. The coach will leave here at 330 and arrive at the Art Center at about a quarter to five. Let me tell you what you can do there. The center has a lot for art lovers. In the art gallery, there's an exhibition of the history of Russian ballet. It has dresses and shoes worn by famous dancers, and photos of past performances. With your student card you can get in very cheaply. There are also some interesting free exhibitions on the ground floor. You can see prize winning paintings from a children's competition and go jewelry made by Scottish artists. On the first floor, there's an exhibition of South American photographs, and there's no charge for that either. I know some of you hope to do some shopping. The center has a bookshop on the first floor, and there's a souvenir shop by the ticket office. If you're more interested in clothes and shoes, there's a large shopping center five minutes walk from the Art Center. You're probably want to eat before the show. The balcony restaurant has a menu With a wide range of meals and waiter service, but it is rather expensive. Or there's the fountain restaurant, whose special three course dinner is good value for money. There's also Chinese coffee bar which serves coffee sandwiches and cakes. You can get fruit juices and ice cream from the cinema kiosk. After the shows the coach will pick us up at the bridge street exit. Everyone should be there by 20 past 10 the two players will finish it around 1010 or 1015. I'm afraid concert goers will have to wait as the concert finishes earlier at 10 to 10.

This is the end of Part C
