Test 5
Part A
Directions, you will hear 10 conversations between two people. After the second listening of each conversation, you will hear a question and there are four possible answers provided select the best answer to each question.
Question 1,
This new conference room is nice. But where will Everybody sit down?
We ordered the new chairs last week, but they haven't arrived yet.
Well, I don't know what to do for now. We can't ask people to sit on the floor.

Why are there no chairs?

Question 2.
I really need some help with this report. I'm preparing for the board meeting. Why don't you call me at home this evening. And we can talk it over. Thank you. I'll call you after dinner.

Why will the man call the woman?

Question 3.
Well, see you later. I'm off to buy some clothes for my trip to Hawaii. Hawaii.
I'd love to visit there. That's a great place for a vacation.
It is but I'm going there for a conference. Well see you later. I'm off to buy some clothes for my trip to Hawaii. Hawaii.
I'd love to visit there. That's a great place for a vacation.
It is but I'm going there for a conference.

Why is the woman going to Hawaii?

Question 4.
You got here so late. We thought you had an accident.
Not exactly. I had a flat tire. I'm sorry.
Well, come on in. Everybody's waiting for you.
I'm sorry to be so late.

Why did the woman arrive late?

Question 5.
Do you mind if I open the window? 
It's so warm in here. Please don't. The street noise really bothers me. I'll turn on the air conditioning then. I need some cool air. I like it warm. Why don't you just take off your coat.

Why is the window closed?

Question 6.
This elevator is so slow. Let's take the stairs.
I can't walk down all those stairs. Sure you can.
Come on. I'm tired of waiting for this elevator.
You go ahead. I'll wait for the elevator.

Why doesn't the man want to take the elevator?

Question 7.
You're still here. I thought you'd finished all your work for today. I have, but I'm waiting for an important phone call. Well, don't stay too late, or you'll be tired all day tomorrow.

Why is the man staying late at the office?

Question 8.
Why are we meeting in this uncomfortable office?
They're still painting the big conference room?
Well, I don't see how we can fit enough chairs in this small room.
It will be tight, but it's a short meeting.

Why isn't the meeting in the conference room?

Question 9.
You should take the subway to the office today. Why? drivings faster, and I'm already late. traffic's really heavy today. Because several streets are closed for construction.

Why does the woman suggest taking the subway?

Question 10
I didn't get any lunch. And now I'm really hungry.
I thought you went to the cafeteria.
Yes, but it was late. And by the time I got there, there was nothing good left.
You should have told me I would have brought you something.

Why didn't the man eat lunch?

This is the end of Part A
Part B
Directions, you will hear a conversation. After the second listening there are incomplete sentences and four possible options provided for each gap. Select the best option to complete the sentence.
Now we will begin Part B.
You will hear part of a local radio program in which someone is talking about a shopping center. Now we are ready to start. Listen carefully. You will hear the recording twice.
In today's program, David green has come along to tell us all about waterside shopping center near North port. Good morning, David.
Good morning. Well, I visited waterside last week, and I think it has something for everyone. And I would recommend it for a day out. It's taken three years to build and finally opened three weeks ago, two months later than planned. Firstly, getting their their organized coach trips from most towns in the area. But they leave early and come home very late. So I drove there are 12,000 free parking spaces. So parking is no problem. You can also get there by train. But the station is 15 minutes from waterside by bus. And the buses are really crowded. So you sometimes have a long wait. And what about opening times? Well, one thing to remember is that the shops don't open till 10 in the morning, except on Saturday when they open at nine. So don't get there too early on a weekday. They close at eight o'clock every day, except Friday, when they're open until 9 pm.
Can you tell us some more about the facilities at the shopping center?
Yes, it's arranged on three levels, you'll find all your favorites here. In fact, if you want to buy a pair of shoes, there are 15 different shops to choose from on levels one and two. When you run out of money, there are seven different banks. But collect your money before you get to the third level. There aren't any banks up there. on that level. However, there are several restaurants as well as a cinema with seven screens. And don't get lost like I did. Go to the information desk on the first level and get a map. What else can you do at waterside
before you go back to your car or the bus. And in fact, it might be better to do this before you go shopping and have too much to carry. Go and see the lake. Take a walk or have a go fishing, sailing or windsurfing If you have time, or you can rest your tired feet and watch the birds and ducks, but you are asked not to feed them. Was there anything you didn't like about the shopping center?
Oh, well, although I had a good day, I would complain about one thing, but not the usual thing. The service in the shops was good. And I had an extra lunch in a cafe. No, the silly thing was that everywhere was quite clean. But people would dropping their sweet papers and empty drink cans on the ground because there wasn't anywhere else to throw them. Apart from that I would recommend it.
And so that's all for today's program.

This is the end of Part B
Part C
Directions. You will hear a talk after the second listening there are questions select the best answer to each question.
Now we will be In Part C,
you will hear part of a radio program about classical music.
Now we are ready to start. Listen carefully, you will hear the recording twice.
And now if you're a regular listener to this program, you'll know that it's time for our weekly competition. Last week's prize of two theater tickets was one by Bill Martens. Congratulations, Bill. I hope you've received your tickets by now. This week, we're offering a classical CD to the first listener who can name the piece of music and the person who wrote it. I'm going to play the piece in a few minutes. But before I do, you need to get a pencil and a piece of paper, as I'm going to give you some help, which should make your job a little easier. Are you ready? Right. Now listen carefully, as you might be this week's lucky winner. Although the person who wrote this piece of classical music was born in Italy, his parents were French, and he spent most of his life in Spain. Have you got that? on to the second point. There is also a famous play which has the same title as this music, and which is usually performed in the open air in the summer. Any idea yet? I should warn you that it's not that easy. Anyway, for the next point. When this piece of music was first performed, many people in the audience got up and walked out. At the end, they say there was complete silence, which I'm sure wasn't very pleasant for the writer. People thought the music was terrible and complained about wasting their money. It's amazing really when you think how popular it is today. And now for the last point. Part of this music has been used for an advertisement which you can see on television. I'm sure when you hear the music, you'll know what the advertisement is for. I'm not going to tell you what product it advertises, as that would almost certainly give you the answer. You can also see the advert in a lot of magazines. And I think from next month, this advert will also be on your cinema screens. So that's four things to remember. And the phone number to ring if you can give us the title of the music and the name of the man who wrote it is double o 18937. Double two, four. And the piece of music is coming up now.

This is the end of Part C
