Test three
Part A
Directions, you will hear 10 conversations between two people. After the second listening of each conversation, you will hear a question and there are four possible answers provided select the best answer to each question.
Question 1. 
Well, I made the call and I got the tickets for Sunday evening. 
Great. I'm so looking forward to this.They're my favorite band. 
Mine too. It's at the Capitol theater. That's the best place for a concert.

What do the speakers plan to do this Sunday?

Question 2. 
I'm so tired of this office. It's so ugly.
Why don't you buy some new furniture? Or at least get a new rug? 
Huh? new things are so expensive. But I could paint the furniture I have now.

What will the man probably do?

Question 3.
I'd like to order a small plane pizza. 
Would you like that delivered? Or will you pick it up? 
I'll pick it up. 
I'll send you a text message on your cell when it's ready to be picked up.

What is the woman going to do?

Question 4.
I'm freezing cold. Then you probably don't want any ice cream?
 No. I need something to warm me up. Like a cup of tea. 
Well, maybe you should put on a sweater. And then we can have ice cream.

What will the man probably have?

Question 5.
Let's take a cab. It's raining. 
But just a little. And I have an umbrella. Let's walk. 
No, it's starting to rain harder. And he is a cab. Get in.

What form of transportation will the speakers use?

Question 6.
Here's your order, ma'am. That'll be $25. 
Let me check my wallet. No, I don't have cash. Will a credit card do? 
That will be fine.

How will the woman pay?

Question 7.

It's really cold in here. Why don't you turn off the air conditioning? 
Why would the air conditioning beyond its winter. 
Oh, I see the problem. Someone left the window open.

What will the woman probably do?

Question 8.
This old fax machine never works. It's time to get a new one. 
Are you sure? Maybe it's not plugged in? 
Oh, you're right. How embarrassing?

What will the man do?

Question 9. 
Is that today's paper? Would you lend it to me a minute? 
Sure. Do you want to see today's headlines? 
No, I just want to check the movie schedule. 
There isn't any movie worth seeing. Trust me?

What does the woman want to do?

Question 10. 
Buy this sweater. It looks good on you. 
Yes, and it goes well with my skirt. But for the party. I need a dress.
You're right. It's a formal party and a long dress is more suitable than a skirt.

What will the woman probably buy?

This is the end of Part A

Part B 
Directions, you will hear a conversation. After the second listening there are incomplete sentences and four possible options provided for each gap. Select the best option to complete the sentence.
Now we will begin Part B, you will hear a radio interview with a teenage surfer called Abby fielding.
Now we are ready to start. Listen carefully. You will hear the recording twice.
Today I'm talking to teenage surfer Abby fielding. Abby, welcome. Tell us about how you started surfing. 
Well, my family have always loved going to our local beach. And my dad became keen on surfing. He wasn't very good. But he really wanted to show me how to do it. And my mom offered to buy me a board. I still wasn't keen. But then I started watching surfing competitions near home. When I saw this standard of the surface. I just felt I could do better. 
Very confident. How easy was it to get started? 
Well, it's free to practice once you've got the equipment. I went to the local surfing school for a bit too. But it can cost quite a lot to buy what you need. I was lent some boards before I bought one to see which type I like best that was useful. 
So do you go surfing all year round now? 
Yes. Even in winter when it's cold. The sea is actually warmer than the land. I just wear the same wetsuit as I do in the summer. Although sometimes I do add gloves. You'd be surprised how many people are out there surfing with me. 
And your biggest achievement was surfing an enormous wave. 
Ah, yeah. That kind of wave only comes along a couple of times a year. I borrowed a large board is mine wasn't big enough. And I was nervous. The y's were a lot bigger than they look from the beach.People say it hurts if you fall off in those conditions. But I didn't have time to think about that. 
So any advice for other teenagers taking up surfing? 
Well, you're never too young to start. Not on big waves, of course, in case you have to swim back to the beach. But in many places, you need to know how to surf, whatever the waves are, like, good and bad. In certain schools are okay. But watching other surfers is just as useful. Can practicing yourself of course.
So you're still young. What next? 
And well. going to miss the next big competition has I've injured my ankle, that my future is definitely in surfing. So I need to investigate what opportunities there are. There's a course in surfing science you can do at the university here. But I'm not sure that's the right path for me at the moment. 
Well, thank you, Abby.

This is the end of Part B.

Part C 
Directions you will hear a talk. After the second listening. There are questions select the best answer to each question.
Now we will begin Part C.
You will hear a radio presenter talking about weekend events in the Carlisle area.
Now we are ready to start. Listen carefully. You will hear the recording twice.
And that was a lovely song, especially for Sandra. I hope you're listening, Sandra. Now it's time for our what's on around Carlisle this weekend. There are lots of things happening. First of all, laemmli School has contacted us to tell us all about the concert they're giving on Saturday evening, that's the eighth. The music starts at 7:30 not at seven o'clock as advertised. And we'll finish about 8:30 after which coffee will be available. They say it's an evening of songs and dances for everyone. There'll be light refreshments afterwards in the library that will be included in the cost of the ticket do go along to this concert, as the school will use all the money to buy some new sports equipment for the children. Last year's concert was a great success. And the school was able to buy a new computer for the children to use and also pay for a trip to London.
Next I have some details of a regular weekend activity. The Walking club are going for a long distance walk around the lake this Sunday. Everyone should meet at 10am in the carpark by the lake. Don't forget, you can get a bus from the market square. If you don't have any transport. Take a packed lunch and some warm clothes with you. If the weather's nice, you'll be able to have a picnic by the side of the lake. Have fun.
On Saturday evening, there's a talk for the International Club. I well known local writers Sarah Jones, who teaches at the university. You may have read her latest novel. It's in all the bookshops at the moment. Well, she's giving a talk at 8pm on Saturday evening in the library. That's the building next to the theater in the center of town. I'm sure you'll find it very interesting. Sarah has just returned from Africa. And we'll talk about all her experiences there. She traveled through three different countries and met lots of interesting people, including a famous actor. Now the International Club would like to remind you that the talk is for everyone, not just members. They say it's a family evening and under 16th getting free. They also say it's best to make sure you book a ticket first. I'm sure the evening will be very popular. So take their advice and have a great time.
This is the end of Part C
