Test 1
Part A
Directions you will hear 10 conversations between two people after the second listening of each conversation you will hear a question and there are four possible answers provided select the best answer to each question.
Question 1
I ordered that software last Tuesday it should have arrived by now.
This package came for you this morning maybe it's your new software.
It is finally it's here.
Good, now maybe you can help me with my computer.

When did the package arrive?

Question 2
What a great time we had in Paris, let's go back soon.
Oh! I'd love to but don't you think we should wait until next year.
Maybe you're right it was only last month that we were there. 

How long ago did the speakers visit Paris?

Question 3 
Hey mark, I hear you got a new job congratulations.
Isn't it great but they want me to start this Monday that's so soon!
That is a little odd usually they give you 2 weeks.

When will Mark start his new job?

Question 4
You travel a lot for your job don't you?
Yes, I go to Tokyo at least once a month.
I suffer from jet lag once a year would be enough for me!
You get used to it when you fly all the time.

How often does the woman travel to Tokyo?

Question 5 
Isn't the contract ready yet, we're all ready to sign it. 
I called the office this morning they said we'd have it by this afternoon.
This afternoon! I guess that's OK as long as it's here before three.

How soon will the contract be ready?

Question 6
I bought this cell phone just last week and already it stopped working.
It has a one year guarantee so I'd be happy to give you a new one for free
Could you give me a better one this time how about one with a 5 years guarantee?
Sorry! I don't make the rules.

How long ago did the man buy the cell phone?

Question 7 
Did you sign up for next month's business conference?
Not yet, I plan to send in my registration tomorrow.
You better do it soon Friday is the last day for registration.

When will the conference take place?

Question 8 
I can't give you any copier paper today I'm all out you'll have to wait until next week.
Next week why? Can't you get any before then Tim? 
I only order office supplies once a month, sorry!

How often does Tim order office supplies?

Question 9
I'm calling to find out when the repairs on my car will be finished. 
we're working on it now and your car should be ready the day after tomorrow.
That's in! Great I thought I'd have to leave it there until Friday at least.

How soon will the car be ready?

Question 10 
Am I very late have you been waiting for me long?
Not really my train arrived just 15 minutes ago. 
I'm sorry I thought it wasn't supposed to arrive until 10:30. 
It did but you didn't don't worry about it. 

How long has the woman been waiting?

This is the end of part A

Part B
directions you will hear a conversation after the second listening there are incomplete sentence is in four possible options provided for each gap select the best option to complete the sentence
you will hear an interview with a singer called Nick Parker who plays in a band called crispy with his sister Mel
now we're ready to start listen carefully you will hear the recording twice 
I'm talking to Nick Parker the singer with the band called crispy. 
Nick your sister Mel plays guitar in the band too doesn't she.
Yeah Mel a year younger than me we've been playing and singing together since we were 8-9 dad is a guitarist and took us to hear the great bands playing live, Mel and I put on shows at school which was a lot of fun mom thought we were good but she didn't want us to get too serious about our music because of the hard lives professional musicians have.
When did you start writing music?
I've been writing since I was 10 and later Mel started working with me, we didn't have the same influences I liked rock music and she loved world music especially bands from Africa but we found good ways of mixing the styles.
Yours band crispy has two guys and two girls in it, how was it formed?
Mel and I were playing in a concert at our college and there were two students from music school in the audience they came to see us after the show and asked if we'd like to form a band with them, we weren't sure at first because we were much younger than them but we agreed to try it out and it was brilliant.
Was the band an immediate success?
Well we spent the first year practicing and writing music during that time we all had studying to do, we played in local concerts and the audiences enjoyed what we did then during one holiday we recorded two songs and sent them to a music company they offered us a contract but our parents said we had to finish college first.
You've been together a few years now and you're one of the top bands, what's that like? 
Hard work! We travel to concerts all around the world and are never in one place for more than a few nights, the others are like an older brother and sister to me and Mel which is good they help us relax on our days off and make sure we eat well, they are strict about practicing too.
Have you had any disappointments?
Everything we've recorded has done well, three singles have gone to number one and our first album has sold over a million copies, our second album was due out this winter but I've been ill recently so we've started recording late which is a pity but for the rest everything's fine. 

This is the end of Part B.

Part C
Directions you will hear a talk after the second listening there are questions select the best answer to each question.
Now we will begin part C.
You will hear a talk given to visitors to a fashion museum.
Now we're ready to start listen carefully you will hear the recording twice.
Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Morcom Museum of fashion before we go up to the fashion exhibition clothes of the future I would like to show you some slides on the screen and say a few words about the history of fashion. I will also mention some of the important people in fashion, this will provide an introduction for you and will prepare you for the clothes that we're going to see in the exhibition. As I'm sure you know nowadays fashion is something that almost everybody enjoys people of all age groups and all incomes usually have an interest in what they wear but this is only recently happened and I will tell you why. Until the beginning of this century it was only the rich who could afford to follow fashion there were no factories to make many copies of the same article as there are today, rich men and women wore trousers jackets and dresses which were made especially for them this picture here shows a young lady being measured for a dress that she will have made by hand exactly how she wants it to be. Ladies clothes in Thursdays were long and usually tight fitting and made of heavy material, however the new century the 1900s brought new ideas, the important person at this time was Coco Chanel who started making clothes in 1908 in Paris. Many people think she was the 20th century's most important influence on fashion, she now loved wear loose fitting clothes and produce jackets and skirts which everyone admired, here's a picture of one of her ladies suits, even today people still wear styles like this when they want to look smart. Young Paris designers all began to produce simple clothes and skirts started to get shorter. The idea of special clothes for playing sports also became popular in the early 1920s things like long shorts and tennis moves started to become fashionable soon factories produce these new styles more cheaply and then many more people were able to enjoy fashion. In 1947 after the Second World war Christian Dior used all the new materials available to produce a fashion which was known as the new look as you can see in this picture he made skirt length longer again. Later in the 60s flower pie and student fashion were popular, in London Mary quant introduced short skirts these were worn with boots that went up to the knee, look at the white shiny boots in this picture and now we come to today's exhibition some of the clothes you will see today will be very different from anything which you have seen before the exhibition aims to take a look at the sort of clothes that we might wear in the next 50 years. Let's go inside and have a look at the exciting clothes that are waiting for us.











